hi this is Leslie Doyle from the sweet
tomato test garden in las vegas nevada
and today i'm going to show you how we
start large amounts of seeds this little
seed starting kit is something I put
together because it's useful to me it
will start 80 to 100 seeds a little bit
more perhaps the kit contains a cookie
box a little package of vermiculite and
peat moss very fine for starting the
seeds and directions and and pictures of
how it's supposed to look timba is
making furrows 18 inch deep in the soil
asst mix for planting the seeds and he's
actually making seven texture of the box
with the eighth inch furrows in it and
timber is going to put all about 10 to
15 seeds in each one of those and then
gently cover it up and water it Tim just
got all of the rows planted and he's
drawing a line on the lid of the box
above the role where he'll write the
name of the seed variety that's planted
in the Rope it's a good idea to include
the date that you planted the seeds that
way you have an idea of how long it
takes the seeds to germinate timba has
watered the rows in between where
they're planted with just a little bit
of water to moisten it so that the moist
a peat moss soilless mixture comes in
contact with the seed the seed will get
wet and then it will germinate
the lid is closed to maintain the
moisture level in the soil and then we
put in place where it's warm doesn't
need light at this time and the seeds
will germinate in a few days this is
Leslie toilet the sweet tomato test
garden in las vegas nevada i hope you
enjoyed the video on how we start lots
of lots of seeds here at the sweet
tomato test garden thank you if you're
having problems growing vegetables or
tomatoes in your desert garden I went I
would like to suggest buying either one
of my books this is how I garden in las
vegas nevada and i feel that if you do
what i do you should have the same
success that I have huge tomatoes and an
abundance of them all summer long great
vegetables all year long you can pick
food every day of the year